---
layout: page
---

# Privacy Policy

> Look, I'm not a prick! I take the protection of your personal data very seriously and strictly adhere to the General Data Protection Regulations ("GDPR") as well as other data protection laws to my best knowledge. Any personal data is only collected on this website to the technically necessary extent. **Under no circumstances will I sell your data to third parties** or knowingly pass it on for other reasons than outlined in this document.

The following document explains the scope and purpose of data collection and processing in connection with this website. You have the right to access, rectify, complete or erase any personal data collected from you. Under certain conditions, you also have the right to restrict or object to the processing of your personal data, as well as request that I transfer the data to you. If you wish to exercise these rights, please [contact me](mailto:mail@wodsup.today) and I will comply with your request immediately, unless prevented by other legal regulations or obligations.

# Server Logs

For technical reasons and to ensure a secure and stable website, the following data transmitted by your browser is stored in the server logs: The type and version of your browser and operating system, the website you came from ("Referrer URL"), the pages you visited on this website, the data and time of your visit, as well as your IP address. This data is not associable to specific persons and is not consolidated with other data sources.

# Cookies

This website uses third-party "cookies", which are small text files placed on your computer by your browser, to analyze and improve the provided contents. Please refer to the provided information on third party services below for details about the collection and processing of data through such cookies. You can prevent the use of cookies by changing the settings on your browser, as well as delete previously stored ones.

# Newsletter

If you register for the free newsletter with your email address, the IP address of your computer, as well as the date and time of your registration will also be saved. Please refer to the provided information on third party services below for details about the collection and processing of data by the email service provider. Your email address will be exclusively used for the purposes of that newsletter and the types of content you agreed to during the registration process with reference to this privacy policy. If you wish to revoke your prior consent to receive emails from me, please [contact me](mailto:mail@wodsup.today) or use the link contained in each newsletter email to unsubscribe.

# Third Party Services

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland ("Google"). [Certification under the EU-US Privacy Shield](https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active) guarantees that Google complies with EU data protection regulations when processing data in the USA. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website, including IP address, place, time or frequency of visits, will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the USA. Google Analytics is used with activated IP anonymization, whereby Google truncates the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The collected data is used by Google to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity, and provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage in general, which are used to analyze, optimize and economically operate this website. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. In addition, Google provides further information with regard to its [data protection practices](https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners), including options you can exercise to prevent such use of your data. Furthermore you can use a [browser plug-in](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) offered by Google to prevent their collection and use of data altogether.

## Instagram

An Instagram profile is used in connection with this website to promote its contents and communicate with interested parties or users. If you contact that profile on Instagram, the personal data you provide at that time will be used to process your request. This data will be deleted as soon as your inquiry has been completely answered, unless there are legal obligations to keep that data. On this social media platform joint responsibility exists with Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland, which is defined in an [agreement](https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum) regarding the respective mutual obligations within the meaning of the GDPR. The data protection officer of Instagram can be reached via [contact form](https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/540977946302970). [Certification under the EU-US Privacy Shield](https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active) guarantees that Facebook Inc. complies with EU data protection regulations when processing data in the USA. When accessing the profile related to this website on the Instagram platform, Facebook Ireland Ltd. as the operator of the platform in the EU will process your data (e.g. personal information, IP address, etc.) and might also set and use previously set cookies on your computer. This user data is used for statistical information on the use of the presence related to this website on Instagram. Facebook Ireland Ltd. also uses this data for market research and advertising purposes as well as for the creation of user profiles. Based on these profiles, Facebook Ireland Ltd. can provide advertising both within and outside of Instagram based on your interests. Details on the processing activities, their suppression, and the deletion of the data processed by Instagram can be found in its [privacy policy](https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875). Any processing by Facebook Ireland Ltd. will also take place in the USA by Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025.

## MailChimp

The newsletter offered on this websites is provided through MailChimp, a service of The Rocket Science Group, LLC, 512 Means Street, Suite 404, Atlanta, GA 30318, USA ("The Rocket Science Group"). [Certification under the EU-US Privacy Shield](https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TO6hAAG&status=Active) guarantees that The Rocket Science Group complies with EU data protection regulations when processing data in the USA. In addition, the Rocket Science Group offers further information about its [data protection practices](http://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/). If you subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, your email address will be processed by The Rocket Science Group. In addition, your IP address and the date and time of your registration will be saved. The emails sent as part of the newsletter via The Rocket Science Group will also contain a tracking pixel called a web beacon. It is used to collect statistical information on whether and when a user opened the newsletter along with other technical data, such operating system and IP address. This data is used to optimize and tailor the contents of the newsletter to its readers, thus increasing its quality and relevance.
